Include authentication in endpoints (#112)
neuralet/smart-social-distancing: README.md

As you are using a self-signed certificate you will need to import the created CA (using the `.pem` file) in your browser as a trusted CA.

##### Configuring OAuth2 in the endpoints

By default, all the endpoints exposed by the processors are accessible by everyone with access to the LAN. To avoid this vulnerability, the processor includes the possibility of configuring OAuth2 to keep your API secure.

To configure OAuth2 in the processor you need to follow these steps:
  1. Enabling OAuth2 in the API by setting in `True` the parameter `UseAuthToken` (included in the `API` section).
  2. Set into the container the env `SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`. This env is used to encode the JWT token. An easy way to do that is 
     to create a `.env` file (following the template `.env.example`) and pass the flag ```--env-file .env ``` when you run the processor.
  3. Create an API user. You can do that in two ways:
     1. Using the `create_api_user.py` script:

      Inside the docker container, execute the script `python3 create_api_user.py --user=<USER> --password=<PASSWORD>`. For example, if you are using an x86 device, you can execute the following script.
      ```bash

>       docker run -it -p HOST_PORT:8000 -v "$PWD":/repo -e TZ=`./timezone.sh` neuralet/smart-social-distancing:latest-x86_64 python3 create_api_user.py --user=<USER> --password=<PASSWORD>

Reviewer: Would you have to run this every time you restart the processor?

Author: No, only the first time.

      ```
     2. Using the `/auth/create_api_user` endpoint:
      Send a POST request to the endpoint `http://<PROCESSOR_HOST>:<PROCESSOR_PORT>/auth/create_api_user` with the following body:
      ```
      {
          "user": <USER>,
          "password": <PASSWORD>
      }
      ```

>       After executing one of these steps, the `user` and `password` (hashed) will be stored in the file `/repo/data/auth/api_user.txt` inside the container. To avoid lost that file when the container is restarted, we recommend mounting the `/repo` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      After executing one of these steps, the `user` and `password` (hashed) will be stored in the file `/repo/data/auth/api_user.txt` inside the container. To avoid losing that file when the container is restarted, we recommend mounting the `/repo` directory as a volume.
```

Also, mounting `data` to `/repo/data` would be enough right?
